Summary of Qualifications
=========================

Senior software engineer specializing in enterprise Software as a
Service. Demonstrated success implementing Continuous Integration,
Continuous Deployment, and Configuration Management. Proven Linux
development and administration skills.

Technical Expertise
-------------------

DevOps & Automation Ansible, Puppet, Jenkins/Hudson, Maven, ANT, Git
Development Methodologies Scrum, Continuous Delivery, Waterfall Server
Platforms Linux (RedHat, CentOS, Ubuntu), JBoss 5-7 Virtualization
Vagrant, Packer Programming Languages Ruby, Python, Java, Clojure, C\#,
C++, Bash, JavaScript, PHP, SQL Web Services SOAP, WSDL, REST, SAML/SSO
Networking JunOS, Netconf, SLAX

Experience
==========

November 2012 – PresentProfessional Services ConsultantJuniper
NetworksColumbus, OH

Implement automation solutions for Juniper customers. Integrate Juniper
products with customer identity management solutions.

-   Implement network automation solution to rapidly provision 1000+
    switches and firewalls for a major restaurant chain. The solution
    enabled a multi-million dollar hardware sale.

-   Extend and maintain account management solutions integrating
    Juniper’s Mobile Security Suite with major wireless service
    providers.

July 2011 – November 2012Software Engineer 4Juniper NetworksColumbus, OH

Responsible for feature development, bug fixes, and project automation
on the Junos Pulse Mobile Security Gateway. The cloud-based,
multi-tenant, enterprise management server manages security and usage
policies on major smartphone platforms including iOS, Android,
BlackBerry, Symbian, and Windows Mobile.

-   Implemented continuous deployment using Jenkins, Maven, and RPM.

-   Upgraded development platform from JBoss 5 to JBoss AS 7 in order to
    take advantage of improved performance, security, and manageability.
    Leveraged the JBoss management API in order to automate
    installation, configuration, and deployment of the system.

-   Implemented Single Sign-On using the SAML SSO protocol and the
    OpenSAML library.

July 2010 – July 2011Software Engineering Associate ManagerJuniper
NetworksColumbus, OH

Managed integration of acquired SMobile technologies following the
acquisition by Juniper Networks in July 2010. Maintained product
development and release cadence during integration.

November 2008 – July 2010Director of ArchitectureSMobile Systems
Columbus, OH

Responsible for the design and delivery of the company’s enterprise
management server product.

-   Managed new feature development while migrating the system from a
    legacy PHP implementation to an Enterprise Java implementation.

-   Integrated billing and distribution with third-party vendors.

-   Simplified product registration eliminating the need for redundant
    versions of the application.

-   Wrote technical documentation for internal and external use.

May 2007 – November 2008.NET Applications DeveloperExceptional
InnovationWesterville, OH

Extended the Life|ware home automation platform and related tooling.

-   Extended Life|ware’s home automation scripting engine.

-   Developed new releases of the Life|ware configuration tool, Visual
    Project.

-   Developed feature enhancements within Life|ware’s service oriented
    architecture.

July 2004 – May 2007Vice President of EngineeringSMobile
SystemsColumbus, OH

Managed the design, implementation, and release of all of SMobile’s
software products.

-   Led the implementation of an integrated security product for Series
    60, 2nd and 3rd editions, through Symbian signing and deployment to
    a tier 1 mobile network operator in Europe.

-   Designed a flexible product architecture enabling rapid
    customization for new clients and shifting requirements.

-   Extracted and continuously refined functional specifications from
    vague and sometimes ambiguous business requirements.

July 2004 – May 2007Software EngineerSMobile SystemsColumbus, OH

Responsible for the design, implementation, and customer acceptance of
all SMobile products running on SymbianOS. Routinely delivered timely
and fully functional releases.

-   Implemented, maintained, and customized numerous commercial security
    products including an anti-virus, an SMS and call filter, and an
    encryption tool for all major Symbian platforms.

-   Automated build and deployment procedures to ensure project
    consistency among multiple developers, reducing integration delays
    by 75%.

-   Applied object-oriented analysis and design techniques to create
    class libraries re-used throughout the organization.

-   Supervised offshore development efforts.

Education
=========

2004B.S. Electrical and Computer EngineeringThe Ohio State
UniversityColumbus, OH
